This start guide will provide you the necessary steps for Jarvis setup.
This documentation won't explain in detail the set-up Ruby. Please refer to [rvm.io](https://rvm.io/) for more details.

Setup
-----

Once Ruby is setup, you can now carry out Jarvis setup.
Go in the file of your choice, and run these commands:

    git clone https://github.com/Jarvis-Bot/Jarvis-Core.git Jarvis
    cd Jarvis
    bundle install
    cd bin/

 Now you can run Jarvis via

    ./jarvis

However, at this stage, Jarvis still has no addons, which are needed to work.
You can either [create one](http://jarvis-bot.github.io/documentation/addons/], set up one [addon officiel](https://github.com/Jarvis-Bot/), or go hunting addons on [github.com](https://github.com/).


Setup an addon
--------------
### Automatically
#### Via Github

To set up an addon coming from Github, you just have to type :

    ./jarvis install [URL REPOSITORY]

`URL REPOSITORY` being one of the format supported by Jarvis, shown below :

    /User/Repository/
    /User/Repository
    User/Repository/

    github.com/User/Repository

    http[s]://github.com/User/Repository
    http[s]://github.com/User/Repository.git

    git@github.com:User/Repository.git

The depository will be cloned in the folder corresponding to its type, specified in the file `specs.yml`.

### Manual

You just have to download the addon, put the files in a folder, and move them into `Jarvis/third-party/ [sources/receivers/clients]` depending on the type of the addon which corresponds. Type is specified in the file `specs.yml` at the root of the addon.

First boot
----------
### Interface

Jarvis is a tool only available on the command-line interface. Here is what it looks like when it works  :

    1 Receiver installed.
    └───[Victor Bersy] HelloWorld-receiver.
    2 Sources installed.
    ├───[Victor Bersy] Twitter.
    └───[Victor Bersy] Travis-CI.
    1 Client installed.
    └───[Victor Bersy] Twitter.
    ████ 19:25:42 [TWITTER]→[HELLOWORLD] [DM][@VictorBersy]: Hello people reading the documentation!


#### Boot messages

Les messages au démarrage, en bleu sur la capture d'écran, indiquent les addons installés.
The boot messages, in blue on this screenshot, show the setup addons.

*Example for the set-up sources :*

    2 Sources installed.
    ├───[Victor Bersy] Twitter.
    └───[Victor Bersy] Travis-CI.

The author is written in brackets, followed by the name of the addon.

#### Notifications

If a match is found with a receiver, a new notification appears. Every notification is standardized by Jarvis, and looks like this :

`████ 21:29:34 [TWITTER]→[SAVER] @AppJarvis pic.twitter.com/xxxx`

Each addon has its own color : either the creator specified it in the file `specs.yml`, or it is generated by Jarvis depending on the addon's name.

The first two blocks (`██`) are colored by the color of the source. The next two by the color of the receiver.
Then a message pops up. This message is sent by the source.

Official addons
---------------
Here is the list of the offical addons :

* Sources
    * [Twitter](https://github.com/Jarvis-Bot/twitter-source/)

* Clients
    * [Twitter](https://github.com/Jarvis-Bot/twitter-client/)

* Receivers
    * [HelloWorld](https://github.com/Jarvis-Bot/HelloWorld-receiver/)
